Fix struct example (#23536)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/how-to-define-value-equality-for-a-type.md

---
# How to define value equality for a class or struct (C# Programming Guide)

> When you define a [record](../classes-and-structs/records.md), the compiler automatically implements value equality. When you define a class or struct, you decide whether it makes sense to create a custom definition of value equality (or equivalence) for the type. Typically, you implement value equality when you expect to add objects of the type to a collection, or when their primary purpose is to store a set of fields or properties. You can base your definition of value equality on a comparison of all the fields and properties in the type, or you can base the definition on a subset.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this should be stronger:

```suggestion
[Records](../classes-and-structs/records.md), the compiler automatically implement value equality. Consider defining a `record` instead of a `class` when your type models data and should implement value equality. When you define a class or struct, you decide whether it makes sense to create a custom definition of value equality (or equivalence) for the type. Typically, you implement value equality when you expect to add objects of the type to a collection, or when their primary purpose is to store a set of fields or properties. You can base your definition of value equality on a comparison of all the fields and properties in the type, or you can base the definition on a subset.
```

Author: I made a few small changes, does this revision look good to you?

Reviewer: I really like that @tdykstra That's perfect.
